Added docs for includeFiles config (#61)
moovweb-docs/xdn-docs: guides/xdn_config.md

## includeNodeModules

If `true`, the packages listed in the `dependencies` property of `package.json` will be included in the build that is deployed to the Moovweb XDN.

## includeFiles

> Allows you to define an object of [globs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/glob) which will be included in the build that is deployed to the Moovweb XDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to include additional resources in the bundle that is deployed to the Moovweb XDN's serverless JS workers. Keys are [globs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/glob), value can be a boolean or string. This is typically used to ensure that resources that need to be dynamically required at runtime such as build manifests for server-side rendering or other config files are present in the cloud.
```

** Examples **

```js
includeFiles: {
  'lang/**/*': true,
},
```

> or if you need to copy into a specific directory within the XDN build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or if you need to copy into a specific directory within the XDN build:
```
